Yan Ting, I just checked it two days ago.
You're so busy, don't accompany me
You said it all before you got pregnant
I think it's more compromising to have a check
Family? What do you mean?
Do you think Yingying is pregnant?
Yan Ting, I didn't expect you to suspect me of lying.
This is the report form from the hospital.
It should be able to prove my innocence
Yan Ting, how can you treat Yingying like this?
He has been with you for so many years
How could you doubt him?
You must apologize to him.
This kid is really spoiled by me
Come sit Yingying
Auntie, I don't blame Yan Ting
Anyway, sooner or later we will all be family, right?
Yingying, don't worry.
Your stomach is so competitive
Auntie will never let Yan Ting treat you badly.
There's a private exhibition tomorrow.
Come with me
Help me push the art exhibition
I'm not interested
Mr. Ji, please take a look at this document.
Ah, are you going to see this art exhibition?
His tickets are super hard to buy
What's wrong? I'm a fan.
I didn't expect him to hold an art exhibition in China
Why don't you go and participate?
Mr. Ji, this exhibition is not open to the public
Only invited celebrities can participate
Wear something nice then. Hmm.
Aren't you going to an art exhibition?
I'm missing a significant other
Can I come?
Thank you Mr. Ji
Mr. Ji is you
No one took you for a mute when you didn't speak just now
It's Mr. Ji, I was wrong